On the far-away island of Sala-ma-Sond,  Yertle the Turtle was king of the pond.  A nice little pond.  It was clean.  It was neat.  The water was warm.  There was plenty to eat.  The turtles had everything turtles might need.  And they were all happy.  Quite happy indeed.    They were... untill Yertle, the king of them all,  Decided the kingdom he ruled was too small.  "I'm ruler", said Yertle, "of all that I see.  But I don't see enough.  That's the trouble with me.  With this stone for a throne, I look down on my pond  But I cannot look down on the places beyond.  This throne that I sit on is too, too low down.  It ought to be higher!" he said with a frown.  "If I could sit high, how much greater I'd be!  What a king! I'd be ruler of all that I see!"    So Yertle, the Turtle King, lifted his hand  And Yertle, the Turtle King, gave a command.  He ordered nine turtles to swim to his stone  And, using these turtles, he built a new throne.  He made each turtle stand on another one's back  And he piled them all up in a nine-turtle stack.  And then Yertle climbed up.  He sat down on the pile.  What a wonderful view! He could see 'most a mile!    "All mine!" Yertle cried.  "Oh, the things I now rule!  I'm the king of a cow! And I'm the king of a mule!  I'm the king of a house! And, what's more, beyond that  I'm the king of a blueberry bush and a cat!  I'm Yertle the Turtle! Oh, marvelous me!  For I am the ruler of all that I see!"    And all through the morning, he sat up there high  Saying over and over, "A grat king am I!"  Until 'long about noon.  Then he heard a faint sigh.  "What's that?" snapped the king  And he looked down the stack.  And he saw, at the bottom, a turtle named Mack.  Just a part of his throne.  And this plain little turtle  Looked up and he said, "Beg your pardon, King Yertle.  I've pains in my back and my shoulders and knees.  How long must we stand here, Your Majesty, please?"    "SILENCE!" the King of the Turtles barked back.  "I'm king, and you're only a turtle named Mack."    "You stay in your place while I sit here and rule.  I'm the king of a cow! And I'm the king of a mule!  I'm the king of a house! And a bush! And a cat!  But that isn't all.  I'll do better than that!  My throne shall be higher!" his royal voice thundered,  "So pile up more turtles! I want 'bout two hundred!"    "Turtles! More turtles!" he bellowed and brayed.  And the turtles 'way down in the pond were afraid.  They trembled.  They shook.  But they came.  They obeyed.  >From all over the pond, they came swimming by dozens.  Whole families of turtles, with uncles and cousins.  And all of them stepped on the head of poor Mack.  One after another, they climbed up the stack.    Then Yertle the Turtle was perched up so high,  He could see fourty miles from his throne in the sky!  "Hooray!" shouted Yertle.  "I'm the king of the trees!  I'm king of the birds! And I'm king of the bees!  I'm king of the butterflies! King of the air!  Ah, me! What a throne! What a wonderful chair!  I'm Yertle the Turtle! Oh, marvelous me!  For I am the ruler of all that I see!"    Then again, from below, in the great heavy stack,  Came a groan from that plain little turtle named Mack.  "Your Majesty, please... I don't like to complain,  But down here below, we are feeling great pain.  I know, up on top you are seeing great sights,  But down here at the bottom we, too, should have rights.  We turtles can't stand it.  Our shells will all crack!  Besides, we need food.  We are starving!" groaned Mack.    "You hush up your mouth!" howled the mighty King Yertle.  "You've no right to talk to the world's highest turtle.  I rule from the clouds! Over land! Over sea!  There's nothing, no, NOTHING, that's higher than me!"    But, while he was shouting, he saw with suprise  That the moon of the evening was starting to rise  Up over his head in the darkening skies.  "What's THAT?" snorted Yertle.  "Say, what IS that thing  That dares to be higher than Yertle the King?  I shall not allow it! I'll go higher still!  I'll build my throne higher! I can and I will!  I'll call some more turtles.  I'll stack 'em to heaven!  I need 'bout five thousand, six hundred and seven!"    But, as Yertle, the Turtle King, lifted his hand  And started to order and give the command,  That plain little turtle below in the stack,  That plain little turtle whose name was just Mack,  Decided he'd taken enough.  And he had.  And that plain little lad got a bit mad.  And that plain little Mack did a plain little thing.  He burped!  And his burp shook the throne of the king!    And Yertle the Turtle, the king of the trees,  The king of the air and the birds and the bees,  The king of a house and a cow and a mule...  Well, that was the end of the Turtle King's rule!  For Yertle, the King of all Sala-ma-Sond,  Fell off his high throne and fell Plunk! in the pond!    And tosay the great Yertle, that Marvelous he,  Is King of the Mud.  That is all he can see.  And the turtles, of course... all the turtles are free  As turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be.    Fox  Socks  Box  Knox    Knox in box.  Fox in socks.    Knox on fox in socks in box.    Socks on Knox and Knox in box.    Fox in socks on box on Knox.    Chicks with bricks come.  Chicks with blocks come.  Chicks with bricks and blocks and clocks come.    Look, sir.  Look, sir.  Mr. Knox, sir.  Let's do tricks with bricks and blocks, sir.  Let's do tricks with chicks and clocks, sir.    First, I'll make a quick trick brick stack.  Then I'll make a quick trick block stack.    You can make a quick trick chick stack.  You can make a quick trick clock stack.    And here's a new trick, Mr. Knox....  Socks on chicks and chicks on fox.  Fox on clocks on bricks and blocks.  Bricks and blocks on Knox on box.    Now we come to ticks and tocks, sir.  Try to say this Mr. Knox, sir....    Clocks on fox tick.  Clocks on Knox tock.  Six sick bricks tick.  Six sick chicks tock.    Please, sir.  I don't like this trick, sir.  My tongue isn't quick or slick, sir.  I get all those ticks and clocks, sir,   mixed up with the chicks and tocks, sir.  I can't do it, Mr. Fox, sir.    I'm so sorry, Mr. Knox, sir.    Here's an easy game to play.  Here's an easy thing to say....    New socks.  Two socks.  Whose socks?  Sue's socks.    Who sews whose socks?  Sue sews Sue's socks.    Who sees who sew whose new socks, sir?  You see Sue sew Sue's new socks, sir.    That's not easy, Mr. Fox, sir.    Who comes? ...  Crow comes.  Slow Joe Crow comes.    Who sews crow's clothes?  Sue sews crow's clothes.  Slow Joe Crow sews whose clothes?  Sue's clothes.    Sue sews socks of fox in socks now.    Slow Joe Crow sews Knox in box now.    Sue sews rose on Slow Joe Crow's clothes.  Fox sews hose on Slow Joe Crow's nose.    Hose goes.  Rose grows.  Nose hose goes some.  Crow's rose grows some.    Mr. Fox!  I hate this game, sir.  This game makes my tongue quite lame, sir.    Mr. Knox, sir, what a shame, sir.    We'll find something new to do now.  Here is lots of new blue goo now.  New goo.  Blue goo.  Gooey.  Gooey.  Blue goo.  New goo.  Gluey. Gluey.    Gooey goo for chewy chewing!  That's what that Goo-Goose is doing.  Do you choose to chew goo, too, sir?  If, sir, you, sir, choose to chew, sir,   with the Goo-Goose, chew, sir.  Do, sir.    Mr. Fox, sir,   I won't do it.    I can't say.    I won't chew it.    Very well, sir.  Step this way.  We'll find another game to play.    Bim comes.  Ben comes.  Bim brings Ben broom.  Ben brings Bim broom.    Ben bends Bim's broom.  Bim bends Ben's broom.  Bim's bends.  Ben's bends.  Ben's bent broom breaks.  Bim's bent broom breaks.    Ben's band.  Bim's band.  Big bands.  Pig bands.    Bim and Ben lead bands with brooms.  Ben's band bangs and Bim's band booms.    Pig band!  Boom band!  Big band!  Broom band!  My poor mouth can't say that.  No, sir.  My poor mouth is much too slow, sir.    Well then... bring your mouth this way.  I'll find it something it can say.    Luke Luck likes lakes.  Luke's duck likes lakes.  Luke Luck licks lakes.  Luck's duck licks lakes.    Duck takes licks in lakes Luke Luck likes.  Luke Luck takes licks in lakes duck likes.    I can't blab such blibber blubber!  My tongue isn't make of rubber.    Mr. Knox.  Now come now.  Come now.  You don't have to be so dumb now....    Try to say this, Mr. Knox, please....    Through three cheese trees three free fleas flew.  While these fleas flew, freezy breeze blew.  Freezy breeze made these three trees freeze.  Freezy trees made these trees' cheese freeze.  That's what made these three free fleas sneeze.    Stop it!  Stop it!  That's enough, sir.  I can't say such silly stuff, sir.    Very well, then, Mr. Knox, sir.    Let's have a little talk about tweetle beetles....    What do you know about tweetle beetles?  Well...    When tweetle beetles fight,   it's called a tweetle beetle battle.    And when they battle in a puddle,   it's a tweetle beetle puddle battle.    AND when tweetle beetles battle with paddles in a puddle,   they call it a tweetle beetle puddle paddle battle.    AND...    When beetles battle beetles in a puddle paddle battle   and the beetle battle puddle is a puddle in a bottle...  ...they call this a tweetle beetTle bottle puddle paddle battle muddle.    AND...    When beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles   and the bottle's on a poodle and the poodle's eating noodles...  ...they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle   bottle paddle battle.    AND...    Now wait a minute, Mr. Socks Fox!    When a fox is in the bottle where the tweetle beetles battle   with their paddles in a puddle on a noodle-eating poodle,   THIS is what they call...    ...a tweetle beetle noodle poodle bottled paddled   muddled duddled fuddled wuddled fox in socks, sir!    Fox in socks, our game is done, sir.  Thank you for a lot of fun, sir.  Every Who Down in Whoville Liked Christmas a lot...  But the Grinch,Who lived just north of Whoville, Did NOT!  The Grinch hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season!  Now, please don't ask why. No one quite knows the reason.  It could be his head wasn't screwed on just right.  It could be, perhaps, that his shoes were too tight.  But I think that the most likely reason of all,  May have been that his heart was two sizes too small.  Whatever the reason, His heart or his shoes,  He stood there on Christmas Eve, hating the Whos,  Staring down from his cave with a sour, Grinchy frown,  At the warm lighted windows below in their town.  For he knew every Who down in Whoville beneath,  Was busy now, hanging a mistletoe wreath.  "And they're hanging their stockings!" he snarled with a sneer,  "Tomorrow is Christmas! It's practically here!"  Then he growled, with his Grinch fingers nervously drumming,  "I MUST find some way to stop Christmas from coming!"  For Tomorrow, he knew, all the Who girls and boys,  Would wake bright and early. They'd rush for their toys!  And then! Oh, the noise! Oh, the Noise!  Noise! Noise! Noise!  That's one thing he hated! The NOISE!  NOISE! NOISE! NOISE!  Then the Whos, young and old, would sit down to a feast.  And they'd feast! And they'd feast! And they'd FEAST!  FEAST! FEAST! FEAST!  They would feast on Who-pudding, and rare Who-roast beast.  Which was something the Grinch couldn't stand in the least!  And THEN They'd do something He liked least of all!  Every Who down in Whoville, the tall and the small,  Would stand close together, with Christmas bells ringing.  They'd stand hand-in-hand. And the Whos would start singing!  They'd sing! And they'd sing! And they'd SING!  SING! SING! SING!  And the more the Grinch thought of this Who ChristmasSing,  The more the Grinch thought, "I must stop this whole thing!"  "Why, for fifty-three years I've put up with it now!"  "I MUST stop this Christmas from coming! But HOW?"  Then he got an idea! An awful idea!  THE GRINCH GOT A WONDERFUL, AWFUL IDEA!  "I know just what to do!" The Grinch laughed in his throat.  And he made a quick Santy Claus hat and a coat.  And he chuckled, and clucked, "What a great Grinchy trick!"  "With this coat and this hat, I look just like Saint Nick!"  "All I need is a reindeer..." The Grinch looked around.  But, since reindeer are scarce, there was none to be found.  Did that stop the old Grinch? No! The Grinch simply said,  "If I can't find a reindeer, I'll make one instead!"  So he called his dog, Max. Then he took some red thread,  And he tied a big horn on the top of his head.  THEN He loaded some bags And some old empty sacks,  On a ramshackle sleigh And he hitched up old Max.  Then the Grinch said, "Giddap!" And the sleigh started down,  Toward the homes where the Whos Lay asnooze in their town.  All their windows were dark. Quiet snow filled the air.  All the Whos were all dreaming sweet dreams without care.  When he came to the first little house on the square.  "This is stop number one," the old Grinchy Claus hissed,  And he climbed to the roof, empty bags in his fist.  Then he slid down the chimney. A rather tight pinch.  But, if Santa could do it, then so could the Grinch.  He got stuck only once, for a moment or two.  Then he stuck his head out of the fireplace flue.  Where the little Who stockings all hung in a row.  "These stockings," he grinned, "are the first things to go!"  Then he slithered and slunk, with a smile most unpleasant,  Around the whole room, and he took every present!  Pop guns! And bicycles! Roller skates! Drums!  Checkerboards! Tricycles! Popcorn! And plums!  And he stuffed them in bags. Then the Grinch, very nimbly,  Stuffed all the bags, one by one, up the chimney!  Then he slunk to the icebox. He took the Whos' feast!  He took the Who-pudding! He took the roast beast!  He cleaned out that icebox as quick as a flash.  Why, that Grinch even took their last can of Who-hash!  Then he stuffed all the food up the chimney with glee.  "And NOW!" grinned the Grinch, "I will stuff up the tree!"  And the Grinch grabbed the tree, and he started to shove,  When he heard a small sound like the coo of a dove.  He turned around fast, and he saw a small Who!  Little Cindy-Lou Who, who was not more than two.  The Grinch had been caught by this tiny Who daughter,  Who'd got out of bed for a cup of cold water.  She stared at the Grinch and said, "Santy Claus, why,”  "Why are you taking our Christmas tree? WHY?"  But, you know, that old Grinch was so smart and so slick,  He thought up a lie, and he thought it up quick!  "Why, my sweet little tot," the fake Santy Claus lied,  "There's a light on this tree that won't light on one side."  "So I'm taking it home to my workshop, my dear."  "I'll fix it up there. Then I'll bring it back here."  And his fib fooled the child. Then he patted her head,  And he got her a drink and he sent her to bed.  And when CindyLou Who went to bed with her cup,  HE went to the chimney and stuffed the tree up!  Then the last thing he took Was the log for their fire!  Then he went up the chimney, himself, the old liar.  On their walls he left nothing but hooks and some wire.  And the one speck of food That he left in the house,  Was a crumb that was even too small for a mouse.  Then He did the same thing To the other Whos' houses  Leaving crumbs Much too small For the other Whos' mouses!  It was quarter past dawn... All the Whos, still a-bed,  All the Whos, still asnooze When he packed up his sled,  Packed it up with their presents! The ribbons! The wrappings!  The tags! And the tinsel! The trimmings! The trappings!  Three thousand feet up! Up the side of Mt. Crumpit,  He rode with his load to the tiptop to dump it!  "PoohPooh to the Whos!" he was grinchishly humming.  "They're finding out now that no Christmas is coming!"  "They're just waking up! I know just what they'll do!"  "Their mouths will hang open a minute or two,  Then the Whos down in Whoville will all cry BooHoo!"  "That's a noise," grinned the Grinch, "That I simply MUST hear!"  So he paused. And the Grinch put his hand to his ear.  And he did hear a sound rising over the snow.  It started in low. Then it started to grow.  But the sound wasn't sad! Why, this sound sounded merry!  It couldn't be so! But it WAS merry! VERY!  He stared down at Whoville! The Grinch popped his eyes!  Then he shook! What he saw was a shocking surprise!  Every Who down in Whoville, the tall and the small,  Was singing! Without any presents at all!  He HADN'T stopped Christmas from coming! IT CAME!  Somehow or other, it came just the same!  And the Grinch, with his grinch-feet ice-cold in the snow,  Stood puzzling and puzzling: "How could it be so?"  "It came with out ribbons! It came without tags!"  "It came without packages, boxes or bags!"  And he puzzled three hours, till his puzzler was sore.  Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before!  "Maybe Christmas," he thought, "doesn't come from a store."  "Maybe Christmas...perhaps...means a little bit more!"  And what happened then? Well...in Whoville they say,  That the Grinch's small heart Grew three sizes that day!  And the minute his heart didn't feel quite so tight,  He whizzed with his load through the bright morning light,  And he brought back the toys! And the food for the feast!  And he, HE HIMSELF! The Grinch carved the roast beast!